Consolidate tutorials in the docs and restyle (#392)
i-pi/i-pi: README.md

# i-PI: a Universal Force Engine

> A Python interface for ab initio path integral molecular dynamics simulations (and more).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Python interface for advanced molecular simulations, that can be combined with software performing energy and force evaluations based on first-principles calculations, empirical forcefields, and machine-learning  potentials.
```
